README.md, before:

# BBMTLib

**Bold Bitcoin MPC TSS Library**

A secure Multi-Party Computation (MPC) Threshold Signature Scheme (TSS) library for Bitcoin, built for mobile integration on both iOS and Android.

## How to Build

```bash
# Get dependencies
go mod tidy

# Initialize Go Mobile (install as tool, doesn't modify go.mod)
go install golang.org/x/mobile/bind@latest

# Set build flags
export GOFLAGS="-mod=mod"
```

## iOS

```bash
# Build for iOS, macOS, and iOS Simulator
gomobile bind -v -target=ios,macos,iossimulator -tags=ios,macos,iossimulator github.com/BoldBitcoinWallet/BBMTLib/tss
```

## Android

```bash
# Build for Android
gomobile bind -v -target=android github.com/BoldBitcoinWallet/BBMTLib/tss

# If the following error occurs  
"no usable NDK in /Android/Sdk: unsupported API version 16"
# Then specify the version api with the following command
gomobile bind -v -target=android -androidapi 21 github.com/BoldBitcoinWallet/BBMTLib/tss

# Copy the generated tss.aar lib to the android/app/libs folder
cp tss.aar ../android/app/libs/tss.aar
```


## License  
This project is licensed under the **Apache-2.0 License**. See [LICENSE](LICENSE) for details.  

## NOTICE  
This product includes modified code from third-party projects. For full attribution details, see the [NOTICE](NOTICE) file.

Commit message:

Update README with NOSTR integration and CLI usage
Added NOSTR integration details and CLI usage instructions.

README.md, after:

# BBMTLib

**Bold Bitcoin MPC TSS Library**

A secure Multi-Party Computation (MPC) Threshold Signature Scheme (TSS) library for Bitcoin, built for mobile integration on both iOS and Android.

**NOSTR Integration for Wallet Creation and Transactions**

BBMTLib now leverages **NOSTR relays** to create wallets and send transactions, utilizing a robust multi-layer encryption pattern based on Nostr Improvement Proposals (NIPs):

- **NIP-44:** Encrypted Direct Messages using shared secret derivation
- **NIP-59:** Gift Wraps (Rumor → Seal → Wrap pattern for TSS message transport) to enhance privacy

**Key Security Benefits:**

- **End-to-end encryption** between parties
- **Metadata privacy** (relays cannot see sender/recipient relationships)
- **Forward secrecy** (one-time keys for wraps)
- **Authentication** (signed seals verify sender identity)

**CLI Usage Option**

In addition to library integration for mobile apps, BBMTLib also provides a **command-line interface (CLI)** for testing and automation. This allows developers to generate wallets, sign transactions, and interact with NOSTR relays directly from the terminal. See the `cmd/` directory and included examples for CLI usage instructions.

## How to Build

```bash
# Get dependencies
go mod tidy

# Initialize Go Mobile (install as tool, doesn't modify go.mod)
go install golang.org/x/mobile/bind@latest

# Set build flags
export GOFLAGS="-mod=mod"
```

## iOS

```bash
# Build for iOS, macOS, and iOS Simulator
gomobile bind -v -target=ios,macos,iossimulator -tags=ios,macos,iossimulator github.com/BoldBitcoinWallet/BBMTLib/tss
```

## Android

```bash
# Build for Android
gomobile bind -v -target=android github.com/BoldBitcoinWallet/BBMTLib/tss

# If the following error occurs  
"no usable NDK in /Android/Sdk: unsupported API version 16"
# Then specify the version api with the following command
gomobile bind -v -target=android -androidapi 21 github.com/BoldBitcoinWallet/BBMTLib/tss

# Copy the generated tss.aar lib to the android/app/libs folder
cp tss.aar ../android/app/libs/tss.aar
```


## License  
This project is licensed under the **Apache-2.0 License**. See [LICENSE](LICENSE) for details.  

## NOTICE  
This product includes modified code from third-party projects. For full attribution details, see the [NOTICE](NOTICE) file.
